docs/controls.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 40
---

# Movement & Controls

## Mobile

You can explore in either portrait or landscape mode by rotating your device.

|           |                                                  |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| Move      | Drag your finger on the left side of the screen  |
| Look/Turn | Drag your finger on the right side of the screen |
| Interact  | Tap the interact button                          |
| Jump      | Tap the jump button                              |
| Fly       | Double-tap the jump button (if allowed)          |

## Desktop

|               |                                                                     |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Move          | `WASD` or Arrow Keys                                                |
| Look/Turn     | Left click to lock your mouse pointer, or use Right click and drag. |
| Interact      | Left mouse button                                                   |
| Jump          | Spacebar                                                            |
| Fly           | Double-tap spacebar (if allowed)                                    |
| Jump          | Spacebar                                                            |
| Fullscreen    | `F`                                                                 |
| Hide UI       | `Z`                                                                 |
| Hide Nametags | `N`                                                                 |
| Free-cam      | `P` (if allowed)                                                    |

## VR

If your device supports it, a button will be shown to let you enter immersive VR:

<img src="/img/vr.png" alt="Hyperfy VR Button" style={{ maxWidth: '300px' }} />

Note: if you want to use voice chat, enable it before entering VR!

|          |                                                   |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| Move     | Left joystick                                     |
| Turn     | Right joystick                                    |
| Interact | Left or Right trigger                             |
| Jump     | `A`                                               |
| Fly      | Double tap `A` (if allowed)                       |
| Glide    | Spread your arms out while falling                |
| Climb    | Grab onto climbable objects with the Grip buttons |

Commit message:

[controls] increase/decrease free look cam

docs/controls.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 40
---

# Movement & Controls

## Mobile

You can explore in either portrait or landscape mode by rotating your device.

|           |                                                  |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------ |
| Move      | Drag your finger on the left side of the screen  |
| Look/Turn | Drag your finger on the right side of the screen |
| Interact  | Tap the interact button                          |
| Jump      | Tap the jump button                              |
| Fly       | Double-tap the jump button (if allowed)          |

## Desktop

|               |                                                                     |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Move          | `WASD` or Arrow Keys                                                |
| Look/Turn     | Left click to lock your mouse pointer, or use Right click and drag. |
| Interact      | Left mouse button                                                   |
| Jump          | Spacebar                                                            |
| Fly           | Double-tap spacebar (if allowed)                                    |
| Jump          | Spacebar                                                            |
| Fullscreen    | `F`                                                                 |
| Hide UI       | `Z`                                                                 |
| Hide Nametags | `N`                                                                 |
| Free-cam      | `P` to toggle and `[` `]` to decrease and increase speed            |

## VR

If your device supports it, a button will be shown to let you enter immersive VR:

<img src="/img/vr.png" alt="Hyperfy VR Button" style={{ maxWidth: '300px' }} />

Note: if you want to use voice chat, enable it before entering VR!

|          |                                                   |
| -------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| Move     | Left joystick                                     |
| Turn     | Right joystick                                    |
| Interact | Left or Right trigger                             |
| Jump     | `A`                                               |
| Fly      | Double tap `A` (if allowed)                       |
| Glide    | Spread your arms out while falling                |
| Climb    | Grab onto climbable objects with the Grip buttons |
